Add Ed25519 support to JWT (#343)
firebase/php-jwt: README.md

composer require firebase/php-jwt
```

> Optionally, install the paragonie/sodium_compat package from composer if your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, install the `paragonie/sodium_compat` package from composer if your
```

> php is < 7.2 or does not have libsodium installed:

Reviewer: In our tests, the `paragonie/sodium_compat` package was only required for 5.6. Is it possible this should actually be "php is < 7.0" ?

Author: it was only added by default in 7.2:
https://www.php.net/manual/en/sodium.installation.php

The php packages for 7.0 and 7.1 you are using may have had it also added

echo "Decode:\n" . print_r((array) $decoded, true) . "\n";
```

Example with EdDSA (libsodium and Ed25519 signature)
----------------------------
```php
use Firebase\JWT\JWT;

> // Public and private keys are expected to be Base 64 encoded. The last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Public and private keys are expected to be Base64 encoded. The last
```
